ORGANIZATION SANCTIONED THE USE
OF EXPERIMENTAL DRUGS TO TREAT
EBOLA, BUT MANUFACTURERS SAY
THEIR SUPPLIES OF THE MEDICINE
HAVE ALREADY BEEN EXHAUSTED, AS
THE DEATH TOLL IN WEST AFRICA
SURPASSES 1,000.
GOOD EVENING, I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
>> Ifill: AND I'M GWEN IFILL,
ALSO AHEAD THIS TUESDAY.
DESPITE CALLS FOR CALM, OUTRAGE
IN FERGUSON, MISSOURI OVER THE
SHOOTING OF AN UNARMED TEEN BY
POLICE BRINGS ANOTHER DAY OF
TENSION AND UNREST.
>> Woodruff: PLUS, REMEMBERING
ROBIN WILLIAMS.
THE OSCAR WINNING COMEDIAN AND
IMPROVISATIONAL GENIUS, AS WE
LEARN DETAILS OF HOW HE DIED.
THOSE ARE JUST SOME OF THE
STORIES WE'RE COVERING ON
TONIGHT'S "PBS NEWSHOUR."